Job Details General information Salary Agree Positions 1 Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 3 years Work location Ha Noi  Job description . Provide leadership and guidance to coach, motivate, and lead team members to their optimum performance levels and career development. Work closely with other engineers to develop new products . Work on extensions of existing products . Suggest and implement improvements on current products . Plan, design, develop, manage, document, test, deploy, and support new and existing modules . Resolve issues proactively to deliver high quality products Requirements . Strong Postgres experience . Maintain and modify existing data sets, data loads, documentation, policies, procedures, and other data solutions . Create, design, and develop data models for multiple applications . Design and implement ETL procedures for intake of data from multiple applications in Data Warehouse . Carry out monitoring, tuning, and database performance analysis . Design, implement and maintain analytics and business intelligence platform architecture for Data warehouse . Perform the design and extension of data marts, meta data, and data models . Prepare various code designs and ensure efficient implementation of the same . Evaluate all codes and ensure the quality of all project deliverables . Knowledge of shell scripting is a plus Benefit 1. Career Path Development . Long-term multi-career roadmap. Learning & development Language Training, Technical Training, Soft-skill Training, On-job Training, etc. Oversea business trips Japan, China, Singapore, US, Mexico, EU, etc. 2. Work-life Balance . Flexible working time that supports work-life balance Core time 900-1600. 5 days from Monday - Friday/ week . Additional special holiday 3. Compensation package . Attractive salary . Competitive bonus package depend on abilities, performance and competencies . Diversified allowance scheme 4. Wellness . Well-protected with 24/7 personal accident and medical care insurance. Well-designed Annual Health Check-up program. 5. Activities . Team-building activities. Birthday Party. Year-end party. Sport Day/ Family Day . Summer Vacation Trip to famous tourist spots domestic/ overseas,.  How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 07/04/2023  