Job Details General information Salary Agree Positions 2 Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 3 years Work location Ha Noi  Job description . Responsibilities . Design and develop stable, secure and highly available web applications with great user experience. Analyze requirements, identify potential problems and develop appropriate solutions. Design and develop our platform services and tools, supporting the continuous development of existing products. Participate in all software development activities following the Scrum process. Maintain high-quality codebase. Requirements Basic Qualifications . 2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience. Minimum 1 year experience in ReactJS and Redux preferred . Proficiency in HTML/CSS/JS. Familiarity with Typescript is a plus. Hands-on experience working with Ubuntu/CentOS, REST API, web socket, and cloud services such as AWS preferred, Heroku, GCP. Familiarity with CI/CD and TDD practice. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience. Good English skills, especially speaking and writing. Willingness to learn new technologies. Preferred Qualifications . Good knowledge of web design. Commitment to deliver great user experience. Basic knowledge of software design, computer networking, algorithms and data structures. Good knowledge of design and development of secure web applications. Good communication skills in English and Vietnamese. Ability to articulate effectively technical challenges and solutions. Ability to deal well with ambiguous and undefined problems. Ability to write well-documented, well-tested code. Hands-on experience with NextJS, SEO. Familiarity with back-end stack such as NodeJS, MongoDB, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Redis, RabbitMQ. Professional, honest, open-minded and have an overall positive attitude. Benefit . A friendly and international working environment. Flexible working hours. Competitive salary, including 13th month salary. Annual health checkup. Attractive health care insurance package. Up to 18 days paid Annual Leave. At C2C Tech Hub, there are no restrictions on nationality, gender nor working style. You will have the opportunity to work on projects that not only serve the customers and many internal teams, but also directly impact the business operation of our partners. Your contribution will be felt immediately and you will be able to help us shape our platform and our services.  How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 30/04/2023  