Job Details General information Salary Agree Positions 5 Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 1 years Work location Ha Noi Ho Chi Minh  Job description . We are looking for Python developer to work as part of our team to innovate program design, code and maintain applications in various projects. Your key responsibilities are . Take participant and build up back-end for our products by using Python and related technologies. Analyze product requirements and specifications to create, communicate, and implement the technical design. Responsible for writing code, implementing unit test to ensure the functionality. Help maintain code quality, organization and automatization. Perform bugs fixing, maintaining, enhancement of existing web modules. We welcome candidates who have background with other programming languages and willing to learn and develop in Python programming. Once you’re willing to learn, we will . support in training and help you to approach. Requirements . At least 1-year programming experience in Python technologies. Solid experiences with web application development using Python – Django. Experience in database programming or design skills DB2, MYSQL, PostgreSQL, etc. Experience in VueJS is a plus. Experience in RESTful API. Experience in OOP, design patterns, software development best practices. Proficient understanding of code version tools, such as Git, CVS, SVN. Intermediate English skills. Benefit . Quarterly salary review for adjustment. yearly performance review for promotion. Opportunities for promotions and career development in a dynamic environment. Premium Health Insurance package Inpatient VND 63m/year, Outpatient VND 8m/year and Dental Treatment VND 2m/year. Many exciting internal activities and meaningful corporate social responsibility CSR. Free beverages. Yearly company trip. . Working 5 days/week, from Mon-Fri, and 12-15 day annual leaves. “Share to learn and learn to share” philosophy, friendly working environment with many energetic buddies.   How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 31/03/2023  