Job Details General information Salary Agree Positions 5 Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 2 years Work location Ha Noi  Job description . We are looking for C++ Software developers at Ho Chi Minh City. Our team in Vietnam HCMC and new setup location Hanoi together with other Bosch locations in Germany, Japan, India and China contribute to the development of state-of-the-art products in Bosch Infotainment In-Vehicle System, Home appliances With your technical expertise you shape the future Bosch product in both Automotive and Home Appliances and take part in more project phases as acquisition, development and series production. As C++ Software Engineers, your roles & responsibilities will be as below . Software developments for various Bosch products Infotainment In-Vehicle System, Instrument clusters, Washing machines, Oven. Be part of international development teams in Bosch . Collaborate with multiple locations and domain teams . Follow Bosch product development processes V-Models, Agile - SAFe, PEP . You will be responsible for requirement designs, implementa tion, test and delivery Requirements The job might be fit for you if you have .    Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Electronic, Information Technology, Mechatronics Engineering or equivalent.    Experience with OOP, design pattern, C++ programming.    Knowledge in Linux based system.    Familiar with one of the engineering processes Waterfall, Agile.    Passion for software engineering in the automotive / IoT industry.    Different levels of experiences are welcomed fresher to architect.    Good English communication skills, be able to interact fluently with worldwide stakeholders. Japanese or other languages are big plus Nice to have .    Experience in automotive development. Benefit . Committed 13-month bonus . Collaboratively yearly performance bonus . Meal & Parking allowances . Premium insurance PVI for employee and 2 family members . Overseas training programs and working onsite opportunity . Good benefits and other activities, team building and company trip. Opportunity to work in global projects of fast developing company and being a part of innovation team contributing initiative ideas to the hi-tech world. Engage in our diverse training programs which surely help strengthen both your personal and professional skills  How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 31/05/2023  