Job Details General information Salary Agree Positions 5 Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 2 years Work location Ha Noi  Da Nang Job description . Designing and implementing secure network solutions that meet business requirements. Creating and configuring virtualized systems in the AWS environment. Performing infrastructure upgrades and updates to maximize system efficiency while minimizing downtime. Deploying applications in AWS using EC2 instances and ECS, Fargate. Deploying applications in AWS using ECS, Fargate with Docker images. Deploying applications in AWS using S3 and CloudFront. Creating blueprints using CloudFormation templates for common workloads. Maintaining, testing and implementing disaster recovery procedures. Implementing automation using scripting languages e.g., Python, Perl to manage AWS services. Building tools for deployment, monitoring, and troubleshooting of system resources in an AWS environment. Developing software components in Java/React/NextJs/NodeJs that interact with AWS cloud services by leveraging the AWS APIs. Good English skills . Being transparent with the team about challenges, failures, and successes. Writing progress reports and delivering presentations to the relevant stakeholders. “Can-do” attitude . Keeping up-to-date with industry trends and developments. Having knowledge of aws lambda is a plus. Requirements . Experience with cloud platform Amazon Web Services AWS. Experience with Linux/Unix operating systems, web and a pplication servers like Apache Tomcat or Nginx. Knowledge of scripting languages such as Python. Experience with continuous integration tools such as Jenkins. Benefit . 100% salary in probation . Pay insurance and taxes in accordance with the law . Premium Healthcare Insurance . 13th month salary . Annual salary & performance review . Provide laptop Lenovo Thinkpad + desktop and related devices . Free of parking fee . Company team building trip, year end party, weekly happy hour, company outing, birthday gift, . Clubs football, badminton. Company activities, contests . Marriage allowance, having newborn baby allowance, bereavement allowance . Comfortable and dynamic American working environment . Participate in European and American projects . Other benefits  How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 21/04/2023  