Job Details General information Salary To 1,500USD Positions 2 Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 4 years Work location Ha Noi  Ho Chi Minh Da Nang Job description . Developing the latest user.facing features using React.js. Developing a modern highly responsive web.based user interface. Building reusable components and front.end libraries for future use. Translating designs and wireframes into high.quality code. Optimizing components for maximum performance across a vast array of web.capable devices and browsers. Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements. Perform peer code reviews to ensure quality standards. Requirements . Minimum 2 years of experience working with ReactJS, HTML5, JavaScript, Redux and CSS. UI toolkits like Semantic UI, Material UI. Good understanding of unit testing. Good understanding of Non.Functional requirement. Well versed in AGILE SCRUM knowledge. Basic English communication for work. Benefit . Salary Negotiate after interview up to 1500$ . Package at least 13 months/ year. Review twice per year. Bonus Tet bonus, project bonus, holiday bonus, HR referral bonus. . Seniority allowance working time from 2 years or more. Participate in learning and training activities inside and outside the company, accumulate learning points, develop G.Points on the company's management system. Leave Saturday, Sunday + 12 days of leave/year . Clubs and many cultural . sports . art activities sponsored or supported by the company For example Football, table tennis, badminton, swimming, music, English, games.  . Ensure health Periodic health check, support to buy high quality health insurance. Join the Rikkei Care Health Insurance Plan. Mental comfort Playing music on demand every day, fresh fruit, team building activities. Going out near and far everywhere. Opportunity to work abroad and travel around.  How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 20/04/2023  