Job Details General information  Salary 2,000-3,000 USD Positions 1 người Work type  Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 5 years Work location Ha Noi Job description . Job Introduction We are seeking a Senior Backend Developer to join our team. The ideal candidate will have experience building scalable and high-performance backend systems. This role is critical to the success of our product, and the candidate must have a passion for software development and a desire to work in a fast-paced environment. Responsibilities . Quickly integrate with existing blockchain protocols to ensure compatibility with our project. Research and integrate new web3 protocols and applications. Build and manage data pipelines for efficient data processing and retrieval. Stay up-to-date with the latest developments in blockchain technology and cryptocurrency. Ensure code quality and perform code reviews. Collaborate with other developers, product managers, and stakeholders to ensure successful project delivery. Requirements Must have . At least 5 years of experience in software development. At least 2 years of experience in blockchain development. Experience working with ETL . Experience with building scalable systems for high-traffic environments. Strong experience in building event-driven systems using technologies such as Apache Kafka, RabbitMQ, or similar. Experience with microservices architecture and containerization. Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail. Excellent communication and collaboration skills. Nice to have . Familiar with Golang . Understand of smart contracts and experience in developing them. Experience in quickly integrating with DeFi protocols and applications Uniswap, Kyberswap, Aaave, Compound, LIDO. Knowledge of cryptography, decentralized systems, and distributed ledger technology. Familiarity with tools such as Truffle, Remix, and Ganache. Benefit . Flexible working hours, standard leave policy of 14 days/year. Hybrid working time with 2 remote days/week. Opportunity to be offered token package in Early Stage. Equipment Support Package up to $3000. Holidays bonus, working anniversary bonus. Gifts for other celebrations Lunar New Year, Mid-Autumn Festival, March 8th, June 1st, wedding day, childbirth, etc. Opportunity to be supported by the 5-million-USD Kyber Alumni Fund when starting own blockchain startup project. Internal training activities, extracurricular activities, and team-building. Birthday leave, Childcare leave. Annual health check-up at a reputable hospital. Additional Premium Health Insurance package for accident, inpatient, outpatient, and dentist expense. First-class facilities and working conditions, and an open, dynamic and friendly working environment, prioritizing the employee development and innovation. Other policies compliant with Vietnam Labor Law and Company’s Labor Regulations.  How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 28/04/2023  