Job Details General information Salary 500-2,000 USD  Positions 2 Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 1 years Work location Ha Noi  Job description . ABOUT MEDICI GROUP Medici is a technology firm endeavoring to provide accessible, trustable and affordable insurance and healthcare service to every Vietnamese. Medici’s ecosystem embraces the entire customers’ protection and care journey with a nationwide insurance and healthcare partner network over 50 branch offices across more than 40 provinces in Vietnam. Medici has been featured in 2022 Forbes Asia 100 to watch and invested by prestigious regional venture capitals known as Jungle Ventures, Insignia Ventures Partners and Wavemaker Partners. Let’s look at our numbers Top 100 to watch Forbes Asia Millions of USD Funding - Series A 4 offices, 50 branches nationwide 200 employees 100+ corporate clients 100k+ individual clients WHAT YOU WOULD DO We are seeking 04 Back-end Web Developers PHP/NodeJS working in Hanoi or HCM who are responsible for server-side web application logic and integration of the work front-end web developers and application developers do. Back-end developers usually write web services and APIs used by front-end developers and mobile application developers. Requirements WHAT YOU SHOULD HAVE Your Skills and Experience  Education  Majoring in Information Technology, Mathematics, Electronics and Telecommunications, Mechatronics and related fields. Experience  1-2+ years’ web development experience required Junior Level. 3+ years’ web development experience required Senior Level. Experience of developing distributed server, large-scaled server using AWS  preferred. Have knowledge in Test Driven Development TDD, CI/CD. Proficient understanding of PHP 7+, Laravel 5+, MySQL 5+, Linux, RESTful API. Good at using Linux, MySQL and Git. Deep knowledge about OOP, SOLID, MVC patterns. Experience with relational databases MS SQL, PostgreSQL or Oracle and NoSQL databases MongoDB, DynamoDB, Elastic Search, Redis, or Cassandra Skills  Experience in unit testing with tools such as PHPUnit, Jest, and various other utilities. Good problem solving, collaboration, and communication skills. Can proactively learn and gain necessary skills for existing or future project. Creating database schemas that represent and support business processes. Medici encourages  Experience and good at NodeJS, Python is a plus. Basic understanding of English on Reading and Writing skills. Benefit WHY MEDICI? Considering whether it’s worthwhile joining us? Here are the top 4 facts. Fast-track career tailored to your strengths Can’t compromise deadlocked processes and conventional career roadmap? We don’t have such things at Medici. You shine. You contribute. You get lifted to your worthy position. Period. Growing your competencies with top experts We are a start-up made of veterans Insurers and techies, marketers and business developers from the top companies. Dynamic and diverse environment We value diversity and inclusivity. We create a natural habitat for you to thrive as long as we work on a vision, you are a part of the team. Making social impacts across every move Protecting the life of millions, or creating technology initiatives are not stock phrases for us. We are living those words everyday, as we seek to address the complexity of insurance and healthcare in low-tier cities nationwide like Dak Nong, Lai Chau, Con Dao, etc. WHAT MEDICI WOULD OFFER . Class A office with cool workspace in Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh and Thanh Hoa center. Office exchange opportunity Hanoi - HCM office. Work with leading experts and talented partners. Work in a transparent, trustable and inspirational environment. Have social insurance, health insurance, PTI care and time off due to Vietnam National Law. Get favourable deals on internal purchasing for company products. Performance bonuses and awards. Participate in bonding and well-being activities Company events, Happy Friday, Monthly Birthday party, Mediball Football Club, Physical and mental healthcare workshop, etc.  How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 31/05/2023  