Job Details General information Salary Agree Positions 2 Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 1 years Work location Ho Chi Minh Job description . Mô tả công việc . Ensure DevOps Pipeline is implemented in the end-to-end development stage. Build and operate CI, CD solutions to ensure smooth development of product cycle. Implement the deployment pipeline from development to the production environment in the cloud. Involve in the improvement of system architecture by using various available tools. Participate in ongoing design, implementation, and maintenance of systems and tools across the cloud stack. Troubleshoot errors and problems in the Dev/Prod environment with Product Team. Requirements . Academic Degree in Computer Science or equivalent fields. At least 2 years of working experience as a DevOps Engineer or similar software engineering roles. Hands-on experience with Cloud technologies AWS/Azure. Hands-on experience with automation tools Ansible, Terraform. Experience in MS Windows, and Linux operating systems. Benefit . 13th-month salary. 14+ annual leaves per year. Young, dynamic, and international team, with flexible working time + hybrid/remote working.Interesting projects with a high level of complexity and various sectors. Healthcare insurance, starting from your probation period. Project reviews and yearly performance appraisals. Annual company trips. Teambuilding activities Team lunch/dinner, events, and celebrations, weekly sports clubs football, yoga, badminton, etc. Monthly tech talks, workshops, and training courses. Mobility Opportunities to on-site abroad in our offices in over 60+ countries. Equal Opportunity Amaris Consulting is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to promoting diversity within the workforce and creating an inclusive working environment. For this purpose, we welcome applications from all qualified candidates regardless of gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, beliefs, age, marital status, disability, or other characteristics.  How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 05/04/2023  