Job Details General information Salary To 50M Positions 4 Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 3 years Work location Ha Noi  Job description .  Design a high-performance community platform and build one of the related features chat, newsfeed, group, RBAC, notification, payment, subscription, admin portal, blockchain dapp,.  . Participate in code and design reviews to achieve and maintain high development standards.  . Work with engineers, product managers, and senior leaders to turn our product and technical vision into a tangible roadmap  . Write efficient, testable, maintainable, and scalable code to implement Backend APIs.  . Write documents, cross-review, support other members, and do knowledge sharing.  . Add positive energy in every meeting, and make your coworkers feel included in every interaction. Requirements Must have   . More than 2 years of experience in Backend development, at least 1 year in NodeJs Javascript/Typescript with proven experience in     Relational databases Postgres or NoSQL MongoDB    Unit Test using Jest, Mocha, etc.    GIT   . Good working attitude, problem-solving, critical thinking, and communication skills.   . Good knowledge about data structures and algorithms.   . Enjoy technical challenges and be eager to explore new technologies.    Nice to have   . Experience in developing one of the following areas 1 newsfeed system, 2 chat system 3 notification system social media platform is a big plus.   . Experience in developing distributed systems on top of microservices architecture, event-driven architecture using Nodejs, Kafka or RabbitMQ, etc. is highly welcome.   . Having experience or knowledge of Test-driven development and writing clean code is very good.   . Experienced working on Redis, and Elasticsearch.   . Have knowledge of CI/CD Circle CI, cloud platform AWS, Digital Ocean, and container orchestration platform ECS, Kubernetes. Benefit . Up to 14 months salary 13th month's salary and KPI bonus . Included social insurance, health insurance, unemployment insurance. according to the provisions of law.  . Competitive and attractive salary based on candidate's ability . Working day Monday - Friday . Working time Flexible [800 - 930] to [1700 -1830] - 8 hours/day excluded lunch time [1200 to 1300] . Annual leave 15 days/year . Review salary once a year . Workshop once a year . Offer free snacks, coffee, tea. Support for self-development Book, Online lesson, Study group . Parking allowance . Birthday party & present  How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 01/04/2023  