Job Details General information Salary Agree Positions 2 Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 1 years Work location Ha Noi  Job description . In the context of implementing or running projects for international customers, you will work in a production environment and closely collaborate with the various technical teams. The following general tasks will be mainly part of your missions in on premise or cloud AWS & Azure environments . Working knowledge and hands on experience with Linux operating system. Design, implement, configure, and maintain various AWS Services. Deploy and maintain AWS Virtual Machines and AWS application, Networking services to support growth into the cloud. Recommend, develop, plan, manage, implement, and fully document IT projects. dentify improvements to IT documentation, network maps, processes/procedures, and tickets. Manage and respond to escalated client inquiries. Research products and new technologies to increase efficiency of business and operations. Be the escalation point for other IT Systems Engineers. Keep all tickets and projects updated and track time in a detailed format Requirements  . Bachelor's or equivalent level in Computer Science. Working experience as an System Admin, CloudOps, DevOps, IT Engineer. Hands on experience with diagnosing and resolving tough technical issues. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Customer-oriented, patient, fast learning and proactive . English level reading, writing, understanding . Skill set automation and scripting shell, python . Need to understand the concept of docker container . Knowledge of Linux and network computers . Experience Micro service operation experience in AWS/GCP Cloud environment,Grafana, NewRelic, Datadog APM/Monitoring/Alert Tool . Experience in service operation in managed Kubernetes environment such as EKS/GKE Experience building and operating CI/CD pipelines in a variety of environments Benefit . Saturday & Sunday OFF,  Overtime pay is 150%, 200%, 300% as per labor law. . Work performance review 2 times/ year. Performance bonus, 13th- month salary, public holidays bonus 2/9, 30/4, 1/5, 1/1. bonus for Excellent Employee and Excellent Team. Social insurance, health insurance, unemployment insurance and Bao Viet care insurance. 01 hour paid leave per day for women having children under 12 months . Minimum 14 paid leaves per annum for all employees after probation. Nice & modern working space with young, dynamic & friendly colleagues and free coffee, tea, drinks. Yearly company trip and year-end party, quarterly team building and weekly eating together. English - Japanese Club, Sports Clubs. Men’s Day, Women’s Day, Children’s Day, Mid-Autumn Festival and other benefits under the provisions of the company. Flat, open and sharing culture with friendly management team. outsourcing company with product mindset. Training courses and working opportunities with technical gurus who built and operated world-class applications with millions of users. This might be a good chance for graduated students to learn cutting-edge technologies and how to build scalable system from scratch.  How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 09/04/2023  