Job Details General information Salary Agree Positions 1 Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 2 years Work location Ha Noi  Job description . Work closely with other engineers to develop new products Work on extensions of existing products Suggest and implement improvements on current products Plan, design, develop, manage, document, test, deploy, and support new and existing modules Resolve issues proactively to deliver high quality products Requirements Bachelors or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field required. Candidate should have at least 5 years of proven experience working through the design, development, release-cycle delivering product to market. Candidate should have large / enterprise application development experience Strong understanding of the Product Development life-cycle. Strong time management, and problem solving skills. Candidate should be able to manage, evaluate, and prioritize multiple projects simultaneously. Strong communication skills in engaging global cross-functional technical teams  A proven record for successful delivery of software systems in a similar role. Ability and willingness to dive into software and technical issues during design/development stage as well as during troubleshooting of customer issues. An entrepreneurial spirit with strong product and program management skills. Excellent written and oral communication. Technical Requirements At least two years' experience as a Node.js/React developer. Extensive knowledge of JavaScript, web stacks, libraries, and frameworks. Knowledge of front-end technologies such as HTML5 and CSS3. Good understanding of server-side CSS preprocessors. Additional Requirements Solid understanding of development, testing and integration methodologies Understanding of BI and Reporting Platforms along with industry trends and direction in BI/reporting Knowledge of current and emerging IT products, services, and processes. Knowledge of Source Control and Project Management tools like bitbucket, and JIRA Broad understanding of programming logic concepts and application analysis and design techniques. Ability to adapt to changing technology and priorities. Strong analytical thinking skills. Good planning, organizing, decision-making and problem-solving skills. Thorough with careful attention to detail. English L.S.R.W should be very preferable. Benefit 1. Career Path Development . Long-term multi-career roadmap. Learning & development Language Training, Technical Training, Soft-skill Training, On-job Training, etc. Oversea business trips Japan, China, Singapore, US, Mexico, EU, etc. 2. Work-life Balance . Flexible working time that supports work-life balance Core time 900-1600. 5 days from Monday - Friday/ week . Additional special holiday 3. Compensation package . Attractive salary . Competitive bonus package depend on abilities, performance and competencies . Diversified allowance scheme 4. Wellness . Well-protected with 24/7 personal accident and medical care insurance. Well-designed Annual Health Check-up program. 5. Activities . Team-building activities. Birthday Party. Year-end party. Sport Day/ Family Day . Summer Vacation Trip to famous tourist spots domestic/ overseas,.  How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 07/04/2023  