Job Details General information Salary To 2,500USD Positions 2 Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 4 years Work location Ha Noi  Da Nang Job description .  . Design and develop computer vision and/or machine learning algorithms in areas such as real-time object tracking, reconstruction and understanding, face tracking, depth estimation, face reconstruction and other approaches such as GANs, VAEs, NeRF. Driving research and development of latest technologies and tools in deep learning and computer vision in collaboration with other stakeholders. Manage interdisciplinary projects combining different teams within the AI Center and the company. Implement and provide best-practices for maintainable software development, including deployment process, documentation, and adherence to and improvement of coding standards. Mentor interns. Requirements  . Important .Knowledge of image processing and computer vision areas. Knowledge of machine learning and deep learning, . Hand-on/practical experiences with deep learning-based computer vision applications. Familiar with deep learning frameworks such as Tensorflow, Keras, PyTorch. Solid coding skills Python/C++ and good understanding of algorithms and data structure . Working well with English . Nice to have . Master Degree or higher . Great communication skills, problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development. Independent research skills, creative, willing to learn mindset. Benefit . Negotiable salary, according to education and experience . Bonus is upto 3 months/ year with many other attractive bonuses Excellent   employee bonus, Quarter bonus, Project bonus, holiday and Tet bonus, Performance bonus.  . Salary review 2 times/ year according to position and work performance. . Receive all kinds of insurance according to the provisions of Labor Law Social insurance, health insurance,  public holidays, maternity leave,. and policies of family business, 12 days' annual leave, 2 working years plus 1 one-day leave . Annual  health  check-up at  Vietnam's  leading hospital, healthcare program at Bảo Việt HealthCare.  . Be trained professionally by experienced mentor s about expertise, soft skills  before entering a specific job . Clear promotion roadmap, opportunity to access new technologies, knowledge and to work with experienced experts in AI . Participate in and co-name the international paper of the team. Young and enthusiastic working environment, annual teambuilding and traveling . Diverse internal events - Monthly employees’ birthday party Happy Friday - Activities to celebrate the company's establishment day and holidays International Women's Day  8/3,  Vietnamese Women's Day 20/10, Christmas Day, New Year's Day, Mid-Autumn Festival, Children's New Year 1/6,. - Annual football tournaments, game tournaments and volunteer activities  . Free Parking, pantry, microwave, coffee maker,. Working time 8h30 – 17h30 off 1 hour for lunch from Monday to Friday, Saturday and Sunday off  How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 30/04/2023  