Job Details General information Salary Agree Positions 1 Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 3 years Work location Ha Noi Job description . What you will do . You will be joining our product development team to build a Fintech platform that provides easy and intuitive access to financial service to millions of small investors in Vietnam. Your day to day tasks will include, but not be limited to, the following . Design, develop, maintain and optimise the Fintech platform – including RESTful APIs, our micro-service system, Data Warehouse, and the infrastructure behind them. Brainstorm, design, and develop our software products – including our online platforms, databases, server side applications, client side applications. Build, optimise and maintain high scalability and high availability systems that serve up to millions of users. Collect, process, store and analyse our ever-growing customer and financial data. Constantly improve and optimise our code to achieve our ambitious growth target. This will require both imagination and data-driven thinking – it’s an unique job that is at the crossroad of art and science. Be pro-actively involved in the full Agile/Lean product development life cycle – that includes carrying out experiments, analysing data and collecting valuable user feedbacks, making improvements – rinse and repeat until the users are 100% satisfied. It will be a very different experience from working in regular outsourcing projects, and you will love it. Requirements  What you are good at . You must be an expert in Object-Oriented Programming, while also having some experience in Functional Programming. You must be highly proficient in Java programming language and the Spring / Spring MVC framework. Additionally, knowing these languages is a big advantage Javascript / NodeJS, Python, Scala, Go. You should be experienced in building well-designed RESTful web services. You should be familiar with build and deploy automation tools such as Maven, Jenkins, Docker. You should have experience in Event Driven Programming and message queues based on ActiveMQ, RabbitMQ or Kafka, etc. . You are familiar with concepts of Extreme Programming such as Test-Driven Development, Automated Test, Pair Programming. Having knowledge in the financial market, or a passion about investment will be a plus but don’t worry if you haven’t, you can learn all about how to be a successful investor after joining us! Benefits . Attractive income. Monthly/annual bonuses. Great working time, nearly 7hours per day Monday to Friday . 12 days for annual leave and 03-day bonus leave for each 12 working months. Team building activities, holidays with the company. Open working space. Approach the environment of a fintech startup, grant admissions to many departments within the company product-design, product development, growth, operations. Learn, experience, and get close contact with experts in investment and finance. Propose ideas freely, permission to make trials, and fail. Other benefits as per required from the Labor Code. How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE  Deadline 31/03/2023  