Job Details General information Salary Agree Positions 1 Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 2 years Work location Ha Noi  Job description . Under direct supervision, performs regression and functional testing on existing video health monitoring and access control software products. Develops tests according to specifications from higher level staff. Reports, tracks, and verifies fixes for detected problems with software. Software Development Activities . Assist Product Managers/Product Owners in requirements gathering and research support for larger, more complex projects. Lead and take ownership in deliverables by agreeing upon scope, release timelines and quality. Interface with all levels of internal clients and analyze current business and software development processes. Collaborate to develop user acceptance testing UAT specifications. Perform regression and functional testing on existing software products and new software products. Develop and maintain manual and automated tests according to specifications from higher level staff. Report, track, and verify fixes for detected problems with software. Work with Quality Assurance manager to approve releases. Software Support Activities . With direction, help to reproduce and resolve customer complaints with software. Troubleshooting & problem solving Documentation, Collaboration, Coordination and Training . Documentation – Collaborate with the development team and the technical writers to help develop the documents and knowledge base articles for the products developed. Work with Technical Support and developers to reproduce bugs and resolve issues. Assist in review of documentation, which may include user manuals, help documentation, tool tips, and training material. Support customer requests- Troubleshoot issues reported by customers and provide solutions working with the development team. Requirements  Technical skills . Networking basics . Linux usability . SQL basics Education & Experience . Candidate must have at least 5 years of proven experience with system testing, development reviews and release-cycle management . Associates or Bachelor’s in Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent. Experience testing Web Applications. Familiarity with creating and executing SQL Server queries. Experience using Visual Studio. Experience working in an Agile environment using Scrum. Experience with test automation tools is preferred. Knowledge of one or more scripting languages. Problem Solving Complexity of problems . Ability to translate requirements into a solid test cases. Strong diagnostic skills to track, trouble-shoot, and identify issues. Communications Key communications contacts internal/external and level of persuasion required . Monitors project progress by tracking activity. resolving problems. publishing progress reports. recommending actions.Rev 11/12 . Ability to take direction and work well with others. Benefit  1. Career Path Development . Long-term multi-career roadmap. Learning & development Language Training, Technical Training, Soft-skill Training, On-job Training, etc. Oversea business trips Japan, China, Singapore, US, Mexico, EU, etc. 2. Work-life Balance . Flexible working time that supports work-life balance Core time 900-1600. 5 days from Monday - Friday/ week . Additional special holiday 3. Compensation package . Attractive salary . Competitive bonus package depend on abilities, performance and competencies . Diversified allowance scheme 4. Wellness . Well-protected with 24/7 personal accident and medical care insurance. Well-designed Annual Health Check-up program. 5. Activities . Team-building activities. Birthday Party. Year-end party. Sport Day/ Family Day . Summer Vacation Trip to famous tourist spots domestic/ overseas,.  How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 07/04/2023  