Job Details General information Salary Agree Positions 5 Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 4 years Work location Ha Noi  Job description . Participate in the entire product life cycle, from requirements, designs to implementations.  . Work on the entire stack, from infrastructure, API to front-end and even data analytics in the future. Provide technical direction for the development, design, and systems integration for client engagement from definition phase through implementation. Ensure coding quality, for yourself and other peers. Learn and expand your knowledge through individual research or team discussions to keep up with industry standards. Development of major components or modules and contribute to the design and maintenance of the products. Troubleshoot and improve current systems and their performance through close collaboration with different product teams. Requirements . Bachelor or Master in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience. At least 3 years experience in backend development using PHP. Deep understanding of Functional programming or Object-Oriented programming, OOP design patterns, and the SOLID principles. Strong experience in Git source control, Git Flow branching model, CI/CD pipeline. Strong problem-solving skills, ability to work individually as well as in a team. Good English reading and writing skills. Nice-to-have . Familiarity with Agile is a plus . Experience in frontend application development for one of the following areas Android native app, iOS native app or Modern Web using HTML5, CSS 3, ES6 and ReactJS/Angular 2x or the similar. Possesses knowledge on Node.js, Javascript, Typescript. Having knowledge in ecommerce or blockchain fields is a plus. Benefit At LECLE, we strive to make a pleasant working environment for you. Here are some perks at our company . Working time 800AM - 500PM, Monday - Friday Flexitime from 700AM - 900AM . Laptop provided. 13th-month salary + KPI bonus at the end of the year . 15 days of annual leave per year . Performance review twice a year . Regular training & sharing sessions . Onsite opportunity in Korea . Events & activities company trip at least once a year, monthly company parties & other teambuilding activities . Other benefits such as holidays and insurance benefits will follow Vietnam laws . Free coffee, snack and drinks  How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 30/04/2023  