Job Details General information Salary Agree Positions 2 Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 2 years Work location Ho Chi Minh Job description . Analyze requirements, design, develop and build new features on the system for many users. Write high-quality, clean and maintainable code. Plans, executes and document unit/integration tests. Ensure the performance and up time of applications. Collaborate with teams, project manager and operations users to build features and products.  . Perform the code review, code refactor if required. Requirements . University degree in Computer Sciences, or equivalent. 6 months - 1 year working experience with Csharp or .NET framework for web-development. Good knowledge of OOP, clean code, SOLID and best practices. Hands-on experience with .NET Core, ASP.NET Core, MVC, Entity Framework Core, SQL Server. Hands-on experience with Azure. Experience in code review, code refactoring, Unit Testing. Basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript. Having experience of any JavaScript front-end framework e.g. Angular, React, Vue. is a plus. Basic knowledge of Docker, DevOps is a plus. Good communication in English. Benefit . Working time Flexible. Mon – Fri 8h30 – 17h30 & lunch time 1,5h.  . Competitive salary, based on experience and portfolio . Chance to have salary and career adjustments or development 2 times per year, based on performance and experience . Social insurance, health insurance, unemployment insurance according to Labor Laws . Good chance to study and develop stable and long-term career path with a clear roadmap . Training both inhouse or conducted by external professional trainers every month . Young and dynamic working culture with the spirit of radical clarity and family . Team building activities and company trips twice a year . Health check every year . Year-end gifts and year-end bonus based on personal performance . Birthday gift . Diversified scheme of loyalty bonus applied for everyone . Happy Friday, Happy Dinners every 2 weeks . Year-end Dinners, Quarterly Dinners . Provide working equipments for all full-time employees including the probationary period . Join the Clubs under the official sponsorship of the Company Football, Games, other hobbies,. Professional and friendly working environment. Great opportunity for advancement in an environment of constant growth  How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 06/04/2023  