Job Details General information Salary To 1,200USD Positions 2 Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 4 years Work location Ha Noi  Ho Chi Minh Job description . Develop scalable microservices-based system requirements analysis, design, implement, test . Analyze and improve the efficiency, scalability, and stability of our system . Understand the needs of the customer or business and utilize this knowledge to develop applications that are consistent with the specific needs and requests of the customer . Participate in agile software development, prototyping and code reviews with a small team of developer Requirements  . Diploma/Degree in Information Technology, or equivalent, prefered HUST, VNU-UET, VNU-HUS, FPT University, PTIT . At least 1 years experience as a Backend developer NodeJS/Golang . Good in Details Design, including Data models and API Specs . Have solid knowledge about data structures and algorithms . Knowledge and experience in SQL and NoSQL . In-depth understanding of OOP, SOLID Principles, Design Patterns, Clean Architecture . Experience in Microservices Architecture . Experience working with Threads, Cache, Queue, Logs systems . Proficient in code review, refactor code, unit testing . Excellent communication and documentation skills . Hands-on experience in Linux, Git . Willing to share knowledge, practices with others in a straightforward and constructive way . At least 500 TOEIC or equivalent PREFERRED ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS . Test automation and CI/CD . Knowledge about GraphQL, Docker . High learning agility and a real passion for programming, innovation, and solving challenging problems Benefit . Attractive salary . Bonus mode 13th month salary, Esoft share bonus scheme. Tet holiday bonus, initiative bonus . Employee birthday gifts/ Company Establishment bonus/ Mid-Autumn Festival gifts / Lunar New Year gifts . Working in a dynamic, professional environment with many opportunities for advancement . Provide complete equipment to serve the job . Social insurance, Health insurance, Unemployment insurance. The company buys life insurance for employees . Enjoy the welfare policies according to the company's regulations Monthly birthday. Travel 2 times/year domestic + foreign. Team building activities . Regular training and professional improvement  How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 15/04/2023  