Job Details General information Salary 20-25M Positions 4 Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 3 years Work location Ha Noi Ho Chi Minh Da Nang  Job description .  Develop, record and maintain cutting-edge web-based Laravel applications on portal plus premium service platforms. Build innovative, state-of-the-art applications and collaborate with the User Experience UX team. Utilize backend data services and contribute to increase existing data services API. Lead the entire web application development life cycle right from concept stage to delivery and post-launch support. Document the development process, architecture, and standard components. Coordinate with co-developers and keep project managers well informed of the status of development effort and serves as liaison between development staff and project manager. Requirements At least 3 years of experience in Software Development.  In-depth knowledge of object-oriented PHP and Laravel Framework.  Hands-on experience with SQL schema design, SOLID principles, REST API design. Experience in unit testing using testing frameworks like PHPUnit/phpspec.  MySQL profiling and query optimization. Creative and efficient problem solver.  Ability to use English. Benefit Work in Agile teams, enjoy good teamwork, and a professional environment.  Possibility to develop your career within an international company.  We are a global company, with many offices and projects all over the world opportunity to travel to other countries where there are Pentalog offices.  Professional roadmap, offered support, and onboard training.  Free technical learning courses, foreign language courses English, French.  Enjoy interesting activities Coding challenges, PentaBar, Hackathon.  100% of the salary is paid during the probation period.  Attractive salary and bonuses.  Social insurance payment is based on the full salary, allowing you to keep your full benefits.  A premium healthcare package Bao Viet 24/7 health insurance package + an annual health check-up.  Flexible working hours, no fingerprint timekeeping.  Working days 5 days/week from Monday to Friday We don't encourage overtime work!.  Paid annual leave 26 days 11 holidays +15 vacation days.  Company equipment devices and subscriptions used for work Laptop, Case, Smartphone etc.  Enjoy bonding activities like team building, summer holiday, Christmas party, Happy hour etc.  How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 02/04/2023  