Job Details General information Salary 700-1,500 USD Positions 2 Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 2 years Work location Ha Noi  Job description . Write clean, reusable code to develop functional web applications . Participate in the entire application lifecycle, focusing on coding and debugging . Collaborate with other developers to design and optimize code  . Manage the development schedule, design backup plan, ensure redundancy, and stay positive under pressure Update progress daily through Project Management tracking tool ex. Jira or Kanban/Agile board . Create flowcharts and user guides for new and existing programs  . Document all programming tasks and procedures Requirements  . B.S. Degree in Computer Science or similar.  . Experience in HTML5, CSS3/SCSS and a good understanding of UI design, front-end performance, and optimization. At least 1 year in architectural strategies and design patterns in backend development  . Knowledge in Linux server management, cyber security, cloud architecture/design, tools, and services on AWS or Google Cloud. Carefully, patiently and responsible. Open-minded and eager to learn new things, flexible to changes and comfortable with ambiguity.  . Ability to work at a fast pace, multi-focuses, and high-growth startup environment. Nice to have Knowledge in DevOps CI/CD, Monitoring. Benefit  . Open communication with passionate and excellent members. Salary review Twice a year . Bonus 13th month & Performance Bonus . Paid leave 12 days in total, Maternity leave for partner . Insurance Social Insurance, Health Insurance, Unemployment Insurance  . Activities Company trip, Year-end party, Happy Lunch, Happy Sharing, Sport, etc. Training External or internal training courses, Internal workshop . Working hour Monday to Friday 8 30 -1730. Working environment fun & dynamic and freedom to be creative. Modern office with a flexible relaxing zone. . Attractive internal purchasing policy for products at the company iPhone, iPad, MacBook,.  How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 30/04/2023  