Job Details General information Salary To 50M Positions 10 Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 4 years Work location Ha Noi  Job description . Investigate & gather knowledge of new technologies & new industrial business domain to determine software solution and/or conduct domain-specific software engineering. Responsible for implementing, customizing, maintaining & debugging software solution. Contribute to test plan & test design. Responsible for developing & executing unit test cases if required. Responsible for product review on work done by team mates . Contribute in system integration, fixing of bugs reported by customer or testing team. Conduct training & coaching junior members in software engineering development if required. Requirements EDUCATION . Bachelor degree or equivalent in Electronic & Telecommunication, Computer Science, Information Technology or related fields. At least 6 months – 3 years’ working experience in software development.  MANDATORY SKILLS 1. For Junior . At least 06 months to 01 year experience in projects of Java, Java Web & JavaScript . Hand-on experiences & knowledge in OOP experience about OOAD is a plus . Firm knowledge of computer science & software engineering 2. For Middle and Senior positions . Expert knowledge at Java Web  . Understand about design patterns and experienced at least 1 year. Firm knowledge at software engineering from requirement definition, software design, implementation & testing. Understand basic of management activities in project. Experience in dealing with projects that have frequent change requests & tight schedule is a plus. Experience in working with multi-side and cross-cultured customers is an advantage. DESIRED SKILLS . Understanding/experiences in development process is an advantage. Team working, open minded, long-term commitment & self-motivated. Very good inter-personal and communication skills with customers and project members. Adapt quickly with new domain, ready to work & study new technologies. Able to work under high pressure. Fluent communication using English is a must TOEIC 600 or higher. Japanese motivation to learn Japanese. JLPT N3 or higher is a plus. Benefit . Salary 500$ - 2000$ . High Remuneration Package up to 15 months salary and Full Social, Medical & Unemployment Insurance . Work in well - equipped and professional IT environment and IT community. To be trained and/or instructed by Japanese Specialists in Vietnam as well as in Japan and others. Become member of a giant corporation. Many opportunity to work/study core technology of Toshiba including OJT long term in Japan .  How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 08/04/2023  