Job Details General information Salary 8-30 triệu Positions 2  Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 1 years Work location Ha Noi Job description . Design and build scalable across multiple microservices wrapping Blockchain network . Write clean, well-structured and tested code, fast! . Troubleshooting/fixing problems . Discuss/design a new service/system architecture Requirements . 6 months++ of exp for Backend Development . Familiarity with Golang, Node.js Typescript, or Rust . Good understanding of OOP, SOLID principles, common design patterns and best practices . Good understanding of unit test and integration test . Good understanding of MySQL or PostgreSQL including performance tuning and optimization . Has superb logical skills . Strong sense of ownership skill . Is a great communicator with strong written and verbal English skills. A mindset of curiosity, growth, humility, and effective team communication - Agile mindset. Nice to have . Experience with DevOps Skills . Experience with cloud platform such as Google Cloud, Digital Ocean . Familiarity with Kafka Message Queue . Familiarity with CI/CD, Docker, Kubernetes Benefit . Salary range 8 - 12  mil net for Fresher . 12 - 30 mil net for Junior 1 - Junior 3 . Educated and extensively trained in technology trends, aiming to become a Fullstack Engineer . Chance to work, train or switch to Blockchain industry very hot now . 1 month probation period full salary . Good insurance added Bao Viet healthcare insurance . Get 1 free card at Stellar Fitness gym, yoga, zumba, 4-season swimming pool, healthy massage, sauna, cafe. Flexible working time . Be provided with Macbook or other high quality devices for work . Salary review per 6 months . Annual leave 12 days/year and other leaves/public holidays in accordance with the Labor Law of Vietnam  . Review quarterly, performance bonus and gift on special occasion . Working environment Free snack, coffee, tea,. Pantry Lunch area, Game room, rest room, learning culture, team building, company trip and internal events each month,. No dress code . A successful qualified candidate will work with the youth dev team, develop and scale current bu siness. We are using outsourcing and solutions to make revenue and reinvest into our team ideas to break the world.  How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 30/04/2023  