Job Details General information Salary Agree Positions 5 Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 2 years Work location Ha Noi Ho Chi Minh  Job description . Have a potential chance to work on-site in Japan short-term or long-term. The suitable candidate will join the big project delivery SAP products to the customer in the Fortune 500 companies . Work as senior Fiori Technical Consultant in SAP projects . Working with Functional Consultant to suggest an appropriate technical solution as the customer needed  . Represent the technical solution to the Technical Specification TS based on Functional Specification FS . Maintain or enhance SAP systems and implement new systems . Conduct knowledge transfer and training to team members . Join pre-sale activities for Fiori-related projects solution proposal, effort estimation, technology research. Requirements Must have . Graduate university in Information System, Information Technology or related major . Experience working with the languages e.g. SAPUI5, JavaScript, CSS, HTML5, jQuery . Experience with SAP Web IDE . Experience with SAP Fiori Elements, Smartcontrols and extensibility in SAPUI5 . Experience with Unit-test and test specification . Experience in Fiori Design patterns, expertise in UI Theme designer . Experience in Fiori Launchpad configuration . Experience with ABAP, OO ABAP and BAdI implementations . Good in English communication . Can work oversea in 3 – 6 months   Nice to have . Experience with SAP Gateway and HANA Cloud Connector . Experience with OData services. Experience with ABAP Core Data Services CDS . Experience with SAP Workflow . Japanese N3 or upper Benefit  Successful candidates will be part of a friendly, motivated and committed talent teams in FPT Software HCM FSOFT with various benefits and attractive offers . Successful candidates will be offered a friendly, motivated working environment. Get involve in major full-cycle project with large scale and opportunities to work directly with specialists and experts in system designing in Japanese top corporations in producing medical devices. “FPT care” health insurance provided by PTI and is exclusive for FPT employees. Company shuttle buses provide convenient way of transportation for all employees. Annual Summer Vacation following company’s policy and starts from May every year. Other allowances transportation support by company bus, lunch allowance, working on-site allowance, etc. plus company support for housing in District 9. F-Town Campus provide many facilities for FPT Software employees such as football ground, basketball & volleyball, gym center, cafeteria, etc.  How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 08/04/2023  