Job Details General information Salary Agree Positions 3 Work type Fulltime Ranks Employee Gender Not required Experience 1 years Work location Ho Chi Minh Job description . Executionlab is a software development company based in Ho Chi Minh City that works on digital transformation projects for many clients across Asia, mainly from Japan. We are looking for an experienced Backend Developer Ruby On Rails/Golang to join us in our team in Ho Chi Minh. You will be working with some of our largest clients on challenging, high-profile projects, in a multi-disciplined team.   Responsibilities . Design and develop services . Design database schema . Write clean and maintainable code . Discuss system/software architecture with team Requirements  . Interested in Backend Developement, especially in Ruby on Rails or Golang, . Knowledge of development based on API, Microservices, or Single web application. A passion for writing great, simple, clean, efficient code. Basic knowledge of RDBM MySQL, Postgres. Basic knowledge of Frontend Technologies JavaScript, HTML5, CSS, ReactJS, etc . Task management skills, leadership skills. Communication skills to verbally discuss technology with customers and other teammates. Benefits . Great salary package. Year-end Bonus. Salary and performance review TWICE a year. MacBook is provided. A young, friendly work environment with highly-skilled team members . Training and coaching program from our expert developers. Annual health check-ups for all staff. Self-serving coffee machine, drinks, and a pantry full of sweets and snacks. Monthly party with food and drinks. Team Building, Company Trip. and other big events. . Free language training English and Japanese. Opportunity to go work on-site in Japan. Gifts or allowances for wedding, maternity, Women’s day, and Children Day . Sports clubs to maintain your balanced health running, football, badminton Working Time 830 - 1730 8 hours/day, 1 hour lunch break from Monday - Friday and the last Saturday of the month. public holidays subject to Labor Law.  How to apply Applicants apply by clicking Apply below. APPLY NOW SAVE Deadline 30/04/2023  