Akhil Yadav PolemainaHyderabad, Telangana - Email me on Indeed indeed.com/r/Akhil-Yadav-Polemaina/f6931801c51c63b1. Senior System Engineer at Infosys with 3.2 years of experience in software development andMaintenance. Maintained data processing using mainframe technology for multiple front end applications ofWalmart Retail Link platform and ensured on-time deliverables. Worked on automating the uses cases to reduce manual effort in solving repeating incidentsusing Service Now orchestration. Possess good analytical, logical ability and systematic approach to problem analysis, strongdebugging and troubleshooting skills. Good exposure to Retail domain.Willing to relocate to hyderbad, TelanganaWORK EXPERIENCESenior Systems EngineerInfosys Limited -  Hyderabad, Telangana -January 2015 to Present. Working on all the Major and Minor Enhancement requests as part of Maintenance and Supportactivities. Identifying and fixing all the major defects in the applications, perform root cause analysis forproduction issues. Being a subject matter expert, involved in multiple Knowledge transfer and knowledge sharingsessions with the client. Leading a peer group and taking end to end responsibilities for all the critical issues/enhancements. Identifying the use cases which can be automated using Service Now Orchestration. Creating workflows to automate various tasks which involved manual intervention. Direct interaction with the client on various business impacting issues on a daily basis. Setting up Weekly Status Review meetings and Code Review meetings with the clientSenior Systems EngineerInfosys Limited -  Hyderabad, Telangana -January 2015 to PresentTeam Size # 5Project ObjectiveProviding end to end Maintenance and Support activity for data processing of the most critical andimportant Web portal 'Retail Link' along with over 40 applications used daily by all the Suppliersand Business users of Walmart, the largest retailer in the world. Retail link is a portal which hosts100's of applications developed across technologies for the suppliers which help them to carryon day-to-day activities right from on boarding to tracking their sales. This involves supportinghttps//www.indeed.com/r/Akhil-Yadav-Polemaina/f6931801c51c63b1?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INhttps//www.indeed.com/r/Akhil-Yadav-Polemaina/f6931801c51c63b1?isid=rex-download&ikw=download-top&co=INvarious Decision Support System reports which helps the higher management to take businesscritical decisions.Responsibilities. Working on all the Major and Minor Enhancement requests as part of Maintenance and Supportactivities. Identifying and fixing all the major defects in the applications, perform root cause analysis forproduction issues. Being a subject matter expert, involved in multiple Knowledge transfer and knowledge sharingsessions with the client. Leading a peer group and taking end to end responsibilities for all the critical issues/enhancements. Identifying the use cases which can be automated using Service Now Orchestration. Creating workflows to automate various tasks which involved manual intervention. Direct interaction with the client on various business impacting issues on a daily basis. Setting up Weekly Status Review meetings and Code Review meetings with the clientEDUCATIONElectrical and Electronics EngineeringAnurag College of Engineering JntuhSKILLSservicenow 1 year, Mainframe 3 years, cobol 3 years, Jcl 3 years, Teradata 3 yearsADDITIONAL INFORMATIONTechnical Skills. Domain - Retail. Technology - Mainframe COBOL, JCL, DB2, Teradata, Service now. Operating System - Mainframe z/OS. Database - DB2, SQL, Teradata. Utilities - FILE-AID, IDCAMS, DFSORT basics, LIBRARIAN, FTP/SFTP, CA-7 basics. Tools - Query Management Tool QMF, SQL Assistant, Service now, Remedy.Key Strengths. Effective Communication Skills and Zeal to learn. Flexibility and Adaptability. Good Leadership Qualities. Analytical and Problem Solving Skills.Achievements. Received STAR award for working on various system improvement and automation activities. Received multiple INSTA awards for my performance in the projects worked